D3log - distribution extension to DDlog

Using D3log:
----------------

 Instances:
 ----------------
 D3log adds an additional primitive type - D3LogLocationID - to represent an
 instance in the system. Each instance is a separate DDlog evaluator, and we
 provide an extension to allow instances to exchange relational data.

 Instances store information about other instances, including their
 network endpoint addresses, in special metadata relations.  These
 relations can be populated by external systems, such as a cluster
 membership service.


 Instances can also be created relationally from inside ddlog programs
 themselves.  We provide management relations to interface with external
 provisioning systems to dynamically create new instances. This can be easily
 wired up through relational logic to scale based on any critera such as
 performance metrics. New nodes could also be created to support new customers with
 isolation requirements, or as automatic replacements for failed nodes. 

 The current code supports unix process based instance creation. We are actively
 looking at targetting dynamic container or VM instances.
 
 Localization:
 ----------------

 D3log allows relations to be annotated to constrain an evaluation to occur on a set of instances.
 [this denotation kind of argues for putting localization in with the rest of the formals]. 
 
 Localized relations can be viewed as relations which contain an implicit
 additional term, which is the instance currently performing the evaluation.

       Example:
        If Cluster(x:D3logLocationId) contains the dynamic set of instances of concern, we
        can gather up the union of a realtion at each of those nodes by a two-stage
        distribution.

        Union(x:u64, cluster:D3logLocationId) :-
        UnionInternal(x:u64)@n :-

        [show an example of how the differential machinery updates the distribution]


 Compiling D3log programs:
 ----------------

 to compile a ddlog program with the d3log localization extension, use the ddlog flag --d3log

 to compile the generated rust program, 'cargo build --features distribution' in the generated directory.

 [I promisd to look at cargo build for the examples, but I failed]

 Management Interfaces
 ----------------

 ddlog programs using provided management relations should
 
       import d3_application

 in order to get the schema defintions:

 Myself
 Process
 Thread
 InstanceStatus
 TcpAddress
 Connection

 [my executable?]

Issues:
-----------
  don't know yet how to get an hddlog without processing the initial
  input. right now we call Hddlog::run on all instances, and throw away
  the initialization on each instance but the first. that's not the
  correct approach

  json_framer is a terrible idea. however, i'd like to do async i/o on
  streams of self-framing json objects. serde supports self framed
  objects (StreamDeserializer), but since it isn't in async land, it
  doesn't look possible to implement io:Read without burning a thread to
  block.

  we are assuming that each scc is evaluated in a given node, but
  there isn't anything that stopping us from using a @ within a function
  cycle.

D3log JSON Protocol
--------------------

D3log Source
--------------------
 d3main in the generated tree acts as a proxy to the enclosed metadata
 and evaluation interfaces of the DDlog program. 
